Bartlomiej (Bart) Michalak
bpm215
Homework #4
15. The abbreviation TCP and IP stand for Transmission Control Protocol and Internet Protocol respectively. The TCP protocol is the method by which packets of information are broken down during transmission of data and reassembled upon reaching their final destination. Where TCP is primarily tasked with the sending and assembly of packets IP is concerned with the labeling of the packets for delivery as well as controlling the packets’ path from sender to recipient. 
16.  An IP address is a series of numbers written as dotted sequences that uniquely identify and distinguish an individual member of a network. The concept is not much different from how every house has an address in order to identify it on a grid in order for information to be sent to and from the house. When mapping a computer’s domain name to its IP a series of steps are followed. When the URL is typed into a browser the browser then passes the URL to the local domain-name server. Next the domain-name server looks up the URL entered into a table of established corresponding IP addresses and once found is sent back to the browser and the website can be accessed.
21. HTTP stands for the HyperText Transfer Protocol and facilitates Web communications by determining how messages exchanged between browsers and servers are formatted. HTTP formats the way servers receive names extracted from the URL and then send back that information to proper directories to complete the request.
23. In order to avoid tedious and redundant (or even excessive) downloading most browsers implement a technique called caching. Caching stores downloaded images or pages into a local temporary file that can be accessed multiple times when a particular site is visited frequently. This optimizes any browser as it eliminates the need to re-download a multitude of files on a frequent basis. Although this reduces the number of items that need to be downloaded it does not reduce the number of interactions that take place between the browser and the Web server as the document on the server might have been modified since last being cached.
